Led solutions engineering that involved process automation, macro conversion and functionality enhancement.
Replaced time-consuming, error-prone manual processes with elegant, automated solutions.
Developed and implemented cross-platform, Java-based POS system.
Completed project under budget and three weeks ahead of deadline.
Coded new solutions that increased availability and scalability by 45% and 75%, respectively.
Led programming tasks including enhancements, maintenance and support for clients’ applications and interfaces.
Engineered software products, handling complex analysis and intricate programming to meet project requirements.
Served as a core group member in defining and prioritizing technology investments for the next two years, ensuring the alignment of process, technology and business objectives.
Reengineered multiple systems that fueled improvements to productivity, efficiency, uptime and accuracy for global business operations.
Developed code, system design and test/QA plans for all solutions and often coordinated the national or international rollout.
Led, architected and participated in the design, testing and deployment of client/server, multitier applications, ActiveX and related components.
Developed new procedures for requirements gathering, needs analysis, testing, scripting and documentation to strengthen quality and functionality of business-critical applications.
Developed large-scale, portable, thread-safe and ultra-high performance foundation and application infrastructure libraries.
Trained and mentored junior programmers in programming methodologies and best practices.
Delivered back-office tools supporting ecommerce initiatives, enabling company to compete more effectively in the marketplace through search-engine optimization.
Develop, maintain and support application programs for administrative, Web and mobile systems using Java and related tools.
Analyze code for system testing and debugging; create test transactions to find, isolate and rectify issues; and manage a team of three programmers.
Develop, maintain and support application programs for administrative, Web and mobile systems using Java and related tools.
Analyze code for system testing and debugging; create test transactions to find, isolate and rectify issues; and manage a team of three programmers.
Results-driven lead programmer offering extensive experience within both Fortune 500 and startup environments.
SCJP and SCJD certified.
Able to incorporate user needs into cost-effective, secure and user-friendly solutions known for scalability and durability.
Innovator of next-generation solutions, systems and applications fueling major improvements to the bottom line.
Proven leader and project manager; drive system architecture decisions and lead projects from concept through the release process.
Honors: Graduated cum laude (GPA: 3.53); inductee, Golden Key Honor Society; recipient, John Doe Academic Scholarship; Dean’s List, 2009, 2010, 2011.
Senior Project: Earned “A” grade on capstone project as co-developer of Web-based, customized enterprise software solution that integrated business processes for a nonprofit organization.
Delivered turnkey application that reduced manual data entry, saving hundreds of personnel hours monthly.
Course Highlights: Enterprise Application Development, Security, Java/C/VB Programming, IT Project Management, Database Programming, Web Design, Computer Architecture
Recent honors graduate of ABC University’s BS in IT program whose academic credentials are reinforced by hands-on programming experience gained during internship with ABC Company.
Consistently commended by professors and internship supervisor for programming abilities; strong grasp of technologies (e.g., Java, VB, C, C++, SharePoint, HTML and .Net); and attention to detail.
Known as a self-starter, team player and multitasker; strive to consistently exceed expectations.
Selected for nine-month internship out of more than 150 applicants.
Handled database and Web site programming tasks (primarily using Java, C, C++, HTML and SharePoint), working an average of 15 hours per week while maintaining a 3.5 GPA.
Redesigned Internet and intranet pages.
Used SEO best practices to optimize Web site for search engine rankings and improved functionality of company database.
Resolved memory corruption and other technical issues by leveraging strengths in coding, debugging and integration testing.
Solutions-driven programmer with a four-year track record of commended performance in modular and object-oriented programming.
Well-versed in all phases of the software development lifecycle, with a strong working knowledge of algorithms and data structures.
Proven success engineering customized solutions improving business processes, operations and profitability.
Create and customize software applications and tools using advanced development and coding techniques.
Manage all phases of application design -- from coding and prototyping through system testing, integration and deployment.
Results:
Created Facebook applications for multiple insurance and banking clients, leveraging social media channels to help businesses stay competitive and build customer loyalty.
Served as a member of electronic placement project team, developing strategies to ensure compliance with new industry standards for electronic exchange.
Developed and enhanced programs using Java, C and C++, contributing to solutions that streamlined processes, increased accuracy and lowered costs.
Developed back-office application that saved client more than $125K annually.
Hired as a full-time programmer following commended performance in initial intern role.
Results:
Enhanced DEF Bank reporting subsystem that provided new functionality to reporting functions that were previously unavailable.
Worked on yearlong project creating interface with core MIDAS system to enable automated report generation.
Saved thousands of hours annually while increasing accuracy from less than 90% to 99.9%.
Analytical research scientist with more than two years of experience contributing to tissue-engineered research studies for products that improve lives through regenerative medicine.
Background includes participation in groundbreaking research in the areas of tissue engineering, cell biology and protein biochemistry.
Experience running bioassays and laboratory bench studies, writing scientific reports and maintaining research lab operations and equipment.
Recruited for full-time position following internship and completion of bachelor’s degree.
Develop and execute analytical test methods and controls for the manufacture of cell-based biological products.
Performed wet-lab and molecular biology scientific research, using methods including enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and polymerase chain reaction(PCR).
Served on research team that succeeded in new cell line sourcing and characterization assay development for a bioengineered skin substitute accelerating burn victims’ healing process by 35%.
Led laboratory bench studies and bioassays for product advancements helping damaged tissue heal through cytokine and growth-factor repositioning.
Efforts contributed to leading-edge prototypes, including a biologic mesh for hernia repair that is expected to revolutionize the way abdominal wall reconstructive surgery is performed.
Maintained impeccable standards in managing class 10000 cleanroom and chemical inventories, safely disposing of waste and accurately calibrating laboratory equipment.
Partner with some of the most well-known technology companies in New York City to design and execute social media strategies that meet client objectives.
Develop and manage online marketing campaigns for ABC Co., DEF Co., GHI Co.
and JKL Co., effectively driving brand awareness, engagement and traffic to social media pages.
Achieve a strong, visible social media presence and develop concepts with viral potential.
Continuously monitor online public relations and ensure the success of client programs.
Assess social media marketing strategies to determine rate of return.
Identify and tap into new channels to optimize ROI and fuel revenue growth.
Place stories in BusinessWeek, Wired News, Computerworld and other key news outlets.
Ensure placement in social content Web sites such as Digg, StumbleUpon, etc.
Build a strong base of repeat business and serve as the #1 requested IT consultant.
Engineer in Training (EIT) and graduate of ABET-accredited bachelor's in civil engineering program backed by successful internship experience and knowledge of engineering theories, principles, specifications and standards.
Highly motivated to secure an apprenticeship in preparation for PE exam.
Proficient user of AutoCAD Civil 3D and MicroStation.
Assisted civil engineers on several key government projects involving roadway designs and improvements, solutions easing traffic congestion and replacement of deteriorating bridges.
Handled cost-of-materials estimations, report and document tracking, project documentation, on-site project visits, invoice/agreement verification and building permit applications.
Gained experience in blueprint reading, as well as preparation of maps and plans.
Mechanical designer with more than seven years of experience providing technical design direction on hardware, mechanical products, machine parts and components for global ISO manufacturers.
Expert in creating detailed mechanical drawings for piece parts and assemblies from Pro/E/NX models.
Adept in maximizing form, fit and function through meticulous design model evaluation.
Backed by advanced skills in DFM best practices and numerous CAD/CAE/CAM tools, ERP systems and database/data-storage programs.
Earn consistent recognition as a visionary solutions engineer.
versee a five-member design group, providing design direction on products, parts and components used in food processing, semiconductor manufacturing, industrial knitting machines and other applications.
Lead evaluation and analysis of designs produced by direct reports.
Projects & Results:
Managed all phases of the design process for a multitude of products, components, parts, assemblies and subassemblies, including drafting, dimensioning, tolerancing, prototyping and documenting results.
Known for quality excellence and a “do-it-right-the-first-time” design standard.
Commended for strengths in defining, assessing and satisfying complex product functional specifications and manufacturability concerns.
Designed innovative component/module replacements for existing machinery that improved functioning and extended the life of equipment thought to be obsolete for a fraction of the total replacement cost.
Developed new assemblies that accelerated client production line speed by up to 25%.
Became the go-to expert on evaluating design models for ISO, DFM and form-fit-function compliance.
Saved hundreds of thousands of dollars in costly rework through careful design review that identified flaws in new subassembly and parts models prior to production.
Licensed pharmacist in Pennsylvania with PharmD degree and nine years of experience providing top-notch pharmacy services in a retail setting.
Outstanding interpersonal skills with a track record of establishing positive relationships with customers, pharmaceutical representatives/manufacturers, medical professionals, healthcare organizations and insurance providers.
Respected leader, able to train and manage diverse teams to deliver peak performance.
Dedicated to providing quality patient care and fast and accurate medication dispensing.
Redesigned workflow for mail-order pharmacy operations to reverse prior history of lost prescriptions.
Recognized for ability to manage a high volume of patient accounts.
Consult with hundreds of physicians and patients to fill prescriptions, review side effects, discuss drug interactions and resolve medication delivery problems.
Improved drug-inventory management system to reduce waste and eliminate back orders.
Cultivated strong network of physicians, resulting in an average of 100 new patient enrollments monthly.
Introduced new labeling system that improved efficiency and saved thousands of dollars without compromising service or quality.
Reduced expenditures by renegotiating prices from pharmaceutical suppliers.
Increased discount rate from 10 percent to 16 percent over wholesale price with key supplier.
Improved morale of coworkers by rewarding good work performance, leading by example and using humor to diffuse stressful situations.
Successfully added six new major accounts, increasing annual revenue by $3M.
Created and deployed targeted social media campaigns for two key accounts that catapulted earnings from $225K to $860K.
Developed strategies that improved productivity 28%; eliminated redundant processes and implemented stronger quality control methods.
Led team in winning multiple awards for creativity, outstanding design, campaign impact, and quality.
Personally managed book of 38 accounts to ensure continuous client satisfaction and expand business.
Developed proposals and conferred with clients to define and develop effective print / online campaigns.
Identified and implemented sales and account development strategies in alignment with growth and volume targets.
Sourced and secured new client accounts.
Created and delivered presentations tailored to individual needs; coordinated with account managers throughout campaign implementation.
Monitored and managed client / project budgets.
Provided support to five Account Representatives and collaborated with supervisors to plan and prepare advertising.
Tracked and monitored space allocations and ensured accurate column-inch counts.
Proofread ads and secured approval from clients; coordinated with production staff to ensure ad accuracy.
Assisted accounting team with resolving billing concerns.
Rapidly advanced from Intern to Advertising Assistant in recognition of quality, dedication, and commitment to client success.
Improved client satisfaction by initiating operational changes and revising written procedures that enhanced proofreading standards.
Results-driven lead programmer offering extensive experience within both Fortune 500 and startup environments.
SCJP and SCJD certified.
Able to incorporate user needs into cost-effective, secure and user-friendly solutions known for scalability and durability.
Innovator of next-generation solutions, systems and applications fueling major improvements to the bottom line.
Proven leader and project manager; drive system architecture decisions and lead projects from concept through the release process.
Reengineered multiple systems that fueled improvements to productivity, efficiency, uptime and accuracy for global business operations.
Developed code, system design and test/QA plans for all solutions and often coordinated the national or international rollout.
Led, architected and participated in the design, testing and deployment of client/server, multitier applications, ActiveX and related components.
Developed new procedures for requirements gathering, needs analysis, testing, scripting and documentation to strengthen quality and functionality of business-critical applications.
Developed large-scale, portable, thread-safe and ultra-high performance foundation and application infrastructure libraries.
Trained and mentored junior programmers in programming methodologies and best practices.
Delivered back-office tools supporting ecommerce initiatives, enabling company to compete more effectively in the marketplace through search-engine optimization.
Served as a core group member in defining and prioritizing technology investments for the next two years, ensuring the alignment of process, technology and business objectives.
Led programming tasks including enhancements, maintenance and support for clients’ applications and interfaces.
Engineered software products, handling complex analysis and intricate programming to meet project requirements.
Led solutions engineering that involved process automation, macro conversion and functionality enhancement.
Replaced time-consuming, error-prone manual processes with elegant, automated solutions.
Developed and implemented cross-platform, Java-based POS system.
Completed project under budget and three weeks ahead of deadline.
Coded new solutions that increased availability and scalability by 45% and 75%, respectively.
MCDST, MOS and CompTIA A+ certified professional with four years of help desk experience providing software, hardware, client/server and networking technical support.
?
Proven success working in high-volume, 24x7 technical call centers.
Demonstrated strengths in rapidly diagnosing, troubleshooting and resolving client issues.
Consistently praised for communicating effectively with both technical and nontechnical users.
Known for excellent problem-solving skills and patience in dealing with frustrated users.
Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the US, India and Brazil to resolve complex problems that required escalation.
Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions.
Received "outstanding" ratings on performance reviews each year, with top marks in teamwork, customer service, communication skills and technical problem-solving.
Proficient with backhoes, excavators, graders, rollers, aerial buckets, skip loaders, boom trucks, water trucks, dump trucks, stompers, breakers, and sweepers.
Excel at coordinating site preparation and guiding crews to complete jobs on time and to specifications.
Outstanding safety record; ensure continuous availability of equipment through steadfast focus on regularly scheduled maintenance and comprehensive safety inspections.
Effective communication skills demonstrated through positive interactions with site managers, outside contractors, and junior on-site staff.
Completed extensive training in sales and customer service, as well as specialized training in multiple product areas including tools, electrical, plumbing, lumber, flooring, lighting, hardware and garden.
Developed a solid knowledge of an extensive array of tools, hardware and building materials.
Helped increase sales to #1 ranking district-wide for five consecutive months -- a first for the department.
Commended for excellent consultative sales and customer service skills on performance reviews.
Installed, maintained, repaired and tested equipment for the generation and utilization of electric energy for diverse-industry clients.
Implemented energy-efficient solutions that saved clients hundreds of thousands of dollars annually.
Performed general electromechanical repairs on client systems and equipment, ensuring adherence to code requirements.
Developed expertise in communication systems cabling, circuitry and wiring through various projects for public utility companies.
Cultivated excellent relationships with clients, resulting in a strong base of referral business.
Develop, maintain, and upgrade cutting-edge financial-industry software.
Coordinate design and implementation of applications, collaborating with project managers, engineering teams, and client representatives to ensure on-time completion of project deliverables.
Provide technical leadership to Junior Engineers, developing overall project architecture.
Design Web applications and maintain content for .NET-based systems.
TradeCORE Pro: Developed and supported flagship financial trading application used to facilitate order and cash generation, account balancing, order history tracking, portfolio holdings management, and security fundamentals tracking across a corporate-wide network.
Designed server-side components and created servlets and stored procedures; reduced server load 12%.
Spearheaded creation of cross-platform interface, seamlessly merging application across UNIX- and Windows-based systems.
ContentCORE Server: Spearheaded development of XML content distribution server enabling real-time peer-to-peer connections using JMS and TCP protocols.
Eliminated costly data loss by implementing message redundancy logic within peer-to-peer system, significantly enhancing audit performance.
Managed ongoing enhancements, including guaranteed message delivery and connection load balancing tominimize operating costs and improve functionality.
Within a collaborative development environment, designed business systems for clients from diverse industries, including healthcare, finance, banking, retail, and human service.
Engineered customized features and modules for new applications; devised enhancements and updates for existing application suites.
Conducted detailed testing throughout life cycle and resolved system issues.
Authored system and design documentation.
Quartermaster Online Banking Engine: Designed and launched key interfaces for a Web-based banking tool for regional financial institution.
Coordinated with security specialists, compliance teams, and project managers throughout development life cycle.
Leveraged advanced knowledge of ASP.NET to optimize login page; eliminated 15% of code while enhancing overall functionality and speed.
U-Win Converter: Played key role in developing, launching, and enhancing flagship product.
Coded data migration logic to ensure cross-platform compatibility.
Created module to enable full integration with Microsoft Office, which simplified functionality for end users with limited knowledge of databases.
SEXTANT HR Suite: Charged with coding, testing, and integrating enhanced Web-based time clock / timesheet reporting functions for HRIS system designed for small- to mid-sized companies.
Created login, interface, and SQL-based storage and reporting tools.
Four years of experience working with Contract Research Organizations (CROs), expertly gathering and analyzing data for highly confidential clinical trials.
Proficient in defining and validating protocols for clinical studies and handling trial responsibility throughout the data-management lifecycle.
Advanced skills in EDC systems, expert in database design and study hypothesis, well-versed in cGCP and FDA standards and regulations, and knowledgeable in therapeutic indications.
Support clinical trials for CRO by providing meticulous data management.
Design and maintain databases, queries, reports, graphics and data-analysis tools; perform data entry, check reviews, database audits and coding; and define and validate study protocols.
Interpret, synthesize and present technical information to CRO management and pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients.
Work closely with Oracle Clinical developers on the design, testing and implementation of study databases.
Oversee data-management lifecycle of large clinical trials, composing and verifying reports and results.
Develop clear clinical data sets enabling the standardized collection and analysis of massive amounts of cross-boundary data content in a timely manner and with a high level of accuracy.
Track progress of clinical studies, ensuring projects meet timelines and quality expectations.
Quickly mastered industry best practices in CRO clinical-study procedures and data management.
Excelled in managing high-priority projects and resolving data discrepancies, errors and omissions with thoroughness and expedience.
Facilitated the rollout of new EDC system that streamlined data entry and improved data-analysis functions.
Contributed to design and development of new GUIs, validation components and reporting tools.
Served as a primary trainer to peers on new EDC system.
Traveled throughout 40-mile territory to provide home-healthcare services to pediatric, adult and elderly patients diagnosed with chronic/terminal conditions, convalescing from surgical procedures or recovering from serious illnesses and injuries.
Followed rehabilitation and treatment plans to accelerate patient recovery; minimize pain, discomfort, infections and complications; and optimize patient outcomes.
Assessed, monitored and documented patient progress, symptoms and vital signs on each visit.
Educated clients and their families on the safe treatment of injuries, illnesses and conditions.
Optimized wellness levels of medically fragile children as an LPN within specialized pediatric clinic.
Assisted RNs and MDs with treatments, therapies and interventions to improve mobility, social/cognitive skills, respiratory functions and cardiovascular health.
Serve as a key member of interdisciplinary healthcare team for a busy family medical practice.
Assist seven MDs as well as PA and RN team in ensuring optimal patient care and smooth daily functioning of office.
Consistently praised for efficient handling of administrative duties (e.g., answering phones, scheduling appointments, maintaining medical records, patient processing, billing and bookkeeping) that allowed doctors and nursing staff to focus on the health concerns of their patients.
Demonstrated proficiency in taking patient medical histories and vital signs, as well as in performing venipunctures, injections and various diagnostic procedures and ancillary tests (e.g., EKGs, immunoassays, chemistry analysis, hematology, urinalysis and sigmoidoscopies).
Ensured the cleanliness, sanitation and maintenance of all facilities, exam rooms and equipment.
Helped implement practice's quality assurance and control program.
Efforts ensured compliance with HIPAA, CLIA and OSHA regulations; improved patient care/satisfaction; and lowered monthly overhead by 12%.
Reacted calmly and effectively in emergency situations, and added the personal, caring touch that immediately put patients at ease.
Promoted to senior accountant position to direct accounting functions for a growing telecommunications company.
Supervise three accountants and oversee financial analysis, financial audits, G/L, A/R, A/P and fixed-asset accounting in accordance with GAAP standards.
Develop and manage external financial relationships (e.g., banks, insurers, auditors) and constantly look for ways to strengthen overall financial performance.
Built a finely tuned accounting department, fostering a collaborative environment that improved productivity, individual accountability and team morale.
Revamped G/L, financial systems, reports and schedules to improve forecast precision and standardize reporting procedures.
Negotiated below-market lease on prime office space that included $100K in facility improvements embedded into agreement.
Completed comprehensive valuation analysis and credit review of acquisition target, and played a key role in the due diligence effort that was crucial to successful merger.
Uncovered $125K in accounting overpayments during a six-month period and delivered a 20% expense reduction through analytical studies of business performance.
Delivered six-figure cost savings by initiating expense analysis of equipment lease alternatives, leading to acted-upon leasing recommendations.
Introduced business process improvements that enhanced A/P functions, established common vendor files, eliminated duplication and reduced monthly processing time by 20%.
