I have 4 years military experience doing artillery I also have 1-2 years customer service skills I have about 2 years as a carpentry helper also have stocking, cashier skills janitorial skills I am a fast learner very dependable always on time and very hard worker
Custumer service stocking assisting customerscleaning stocking preparation for banquets washing dishes and putting away and organizing
cleaning stocking preparation for banquets washing dishes and putting away and organizing
maintain military vehicles field training two deployments to Afghanistan
Responsible for taking money in the form of cash, check, or credit card from patrons in exchange for food or services. Scans items, provides change, balances drawer, and processes card transactions.
Self-motivated and dependable - able to work independently without supervision 
Learn quickly and interpret information accurately 
Honest and friendly - enjoy working with people 
Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal 
Highly imaginative and creative, offering innovative and practical solutions 
Familiar with computer software such as Microsoft Word
Cheerful personality and personal humor is good
Witty sense of humor and good sense of meeting people
Great multi-tasking skills and detail oriented
Cashier duties, handle cash and card, greet customers, clean area
Manage department communications 
Manage product shipping and receiving 
Manage the inbound and outbound phone calls 
Performed other duties as assigned
Greet customers as they enter the store 
Assist customers when needed 
Answered customers' queries and concerns 
Handled and managed money 
Performed other duties as assigned
Helped customers with menu questions
Frequently used cash register
Seated customers using latest technology in the restaurant
Took orders from customers in timely manner
Assisted new employees to learn restaurant layout and procedures
Recruited, trained and managed 15-member team
Ensured continuous delivery of outstanding customer service
Redesigned, developed and implemented employee training program which increased sales revenues
Assisted customers when and where needed
Recruited, trained and managed 35-member team
Ensured continuous delivery of outstanding customer service
Designed, developed and implemented employee training program which increased sales revenues
Assisted customers when and where needed
Exceeded annual goals in key metrics including profit, sales, employee retention and customer service
Assisted with customer sales of women’s and children’s sportswear
Awarded Salesperson of the Year in 1999 and 2002 for exceeding set sales productivity
Trained 14 new representatives functioning as lead trainer, providing ongoing guidance and constructive feedback
Achieved lowest returns percentage than all other coworkers
I want to be successful and move up in my career to make a lot of money.
Responsible for all aspects of store maintenance when the manger was off-duty.
Handles all aspects of customer service, from greeting to cashiering.
Worked at cleaning, stocking, merchandising shelves when not handling customers
Worked to provide friendly, competent, and through service to customers.
Rang up customers; handled all transactions, including cash, check, debit card, and credit card
Maintained clean and orderly checkout area.
Increased regional sales.
Managed 250 sales representatives in 10 Western states.
Made training course for new recruits — speeding profitability. 
Increased sales from $50 million to $100 million.
Doubled sales per representative.
Suggested new products. 
Expanded territorial sales by 400%.
Received company’s highest sales award four years in a row.
Developed a training course.
Unload trucks and match the P.O's numbers up Accomplishments Making production
Very good at what I do I know how to do just about anything in the store.
Full P&L control along with Sales, Operations and Administrative responsibility. Oversaw the largest branch facility in the nationwide organization. Responsible for developing a Power house of Customer centric employees in the Sales and Service arenas.Consistently received Tops Sales Awards and Customer Retention Awards.
Blanchard is the third largest organization in the Uniform Rental and Textile Services industry. In 2009 it topped the billion dollar mark for yearly revenues.</p>
Managed the largest branch facility in this nationwide organization, with annual revenue of more than $5 million.
Held full P&amp;L control along with Sales, Operations, and Administrative management.
Grew the branch 12% in first 8 years in a highly competitive market.
Developed a powerhouse of 23 customer-centric employees in Sales and Service.
Consistently received Tops Sales Awards and Customer Retention Awards.
At dinner, six shrimp were eaten by Harry.
The savannah is roamed by beautiful giraffes.
The flat tire was changed by Sue.
A movie is going to be watched by us tonight.
The obstacle course was run by me in record time.
The entire stretch of highway was paved by the crew.
The novel was read by Mom in one day.
A scathing review was written by the critic.
The house will be cleaned by me every Saturday.
A safety video will be watched by the staff every year.
The application for a new job was faxed by her.
The entire house was painted by Tom.
The students’ questions are always answered by the teacher.
That piece is really enjoyed by the choir.
By whom were you taught to ski?
The whole suburb was destroyed by the forest fire.
The treaty is being signed by the two kings. (passive)
Every night the office is vacuumed and dusted by the cleaning crew.
Money was generously donated to the homeless shelter by Larry.
My sales ad was not responded to by anyone.


